What the hell is this game?
456 people participate at the same time, and
the loser will get killed, one level is more
difficult than the other, The game won’t
end until the winner is born, This is the
latest drama in Netflix, Lee had nothing left
in his life, His wife divorced him and took
his daughter away, He is still addicted to
gambling and He was in frustration at the
subway station, A man in the suit said he
wanted to play a game with him, It was the
game in the childhood, If Lee won, the man
would give him 100,000, Lee played first,
smashed it hard, but the card didn't turn
over,
Next, it was the man’s turn, Shit, he lost,
He had no money, What should he do?
The man in the suit smiled and went up to
slap his face, which is an offset, It was
such a good thing that fueled up Lee’s energy,
then the two adults played the cards in the
station, After playing a few rounds, Lee,
with a swollen face, earned a lot of money,
The man in the suit introduced another game
for him to earn a lot of money, Lee didn’t
buy it, But then the man said Lee’s personal
information, Name, age, academic units, and
family background, also, He also had a high
debt of 100 million, It’s impossible for
him to pay off.
The man then handed him a card, and took the
train and left, Anyway, he was satisfied because
he earned some money today, and, he heard
that his daughter were going to move to the
US, Watching the photos on his phone, he couldn’t
sleep, so, he decided to join the game, He
wanted to earn money and stay with her daughter,
Lee came to the appointed place and waited,
suddenly, a car pulled up to the place, The
driver, asked him to give the code word, The
car door opened, there were many other people
sleeping inside the car, then the car release
gas, then Lee passed out,
When Lee woke up again, he was wearing a green
school uniform, as if back in a large dormitory,
everything of them was being watched by the
people in red, Lee was surprised that there
were a total of 456 people in the game, A
group of people in red came out and explained
the game rules, There were six levels in total,
The person who won would get the prize, Some
people question it because they were brought
in a faint, The red man explained that it
was for the fairness and confidentiality of
the game,
A man with glasses still did not believe them,
He thought that the red were kidnapping them,
The man in red immediately turned off the
lights, The screen showed the background of
each person, They are all bankrupt and no
way to survive ever again, All participated
in this game at their will, Everyone was silent
because this was the only chance to turn over
a new leaf,
Everyone lined up to sign the application,
only three articles, First, participants can’t
interrupt the game at will, Second, participants
who refuse to play the game will be eliminated,
Third, the game can be interrupted if half
of people agree, Lee asked questions, but
the red didn't answer, Watching the people
next to him sign, then, Lee went on, They
did not know that this headshot would become
their last photo,
The first level which 456 people participated
in was a child playing one, two, three, freeze,
As implied, each person could go forward before
the ghost turned around, If you moved and
got detected, you would be eliminated, If
you avoided all the detection and crossed
the finish line within five minutes, you won
the game, everyone had understood the rules
of the game, The game officially started,
The yellow-haired man, who ran to the front,
didn’t stand still and was detected by the
ghost, then, he was eliminated, With a bang,
the yellow-haired instantly fell to the ground,
Everyone still have no clues, The game continued,
The boy in the second place came to laughed
at the yellow-haired, However, he found that
the yellow-haired was spitting blood, He was
scared and moved backward, As he running backward,
the blood splashed into the girl’s face,
The crowd was completely panicked, They did
not know that they participated in a death
game, A lot of people began to flee backward
frantically, The scene is a mess, The machine
gun on the wall also strafed every fleeing
person, What's worse, the doors behind had
been closed, The machine gunners didn’t
show any mercy, shooting whoever moved, The
participants died one by one, and their avatars
were deleted until no one was moving on the
scene, Lee was pinned down by a corpse and
didn't even dare to breathe, The game continued,
At this point, everyone still did not dare
to move, Only an old man went forward, He
seemed to find the rules of the game, running
to the front again and again,
other people followed and began to move, and
those who couldn't stand still would be shot,
The man with glasses told Lee that as long
as he hid behind others, the ghost couldn’t
detect him, the moving time had passed, and
many people were eliminated, A man who was
shot begged Lee to save him, There was only
one minute left, Now he can’t care so much,
but only run forward, the manipulator of this
game enjoyed the show, It came to the critical
moment, While people died one after one, there
were also people who successfully crossed
the finish line, the accident happened!
Lee was tripped over by a body, Fortunately,
a man behind pulled him, He luckily avoid
the detection, There were only seconds left,
Lee ran and finally cross the line at the
last moment, And the other people would be
eliminated,
suddenly, a huge lawn began to close, It turned
out that they were taken to an island, After
the first level, There were only 201 people
left, Everyone panicked at such a cruel game,
A lot of people knelt down and begged, but
the red man said if everyone could abide the
rules of the game, they would get the prizes
as promised, However, they wanted to quit,
The red man cautioned everyone according to
the second terms of the contract, participants
who refused to play the game would be eliminated,
At that time, the man in glasses thought of
the third terms which allowed the game to
be interrupted if a majority agree, The red
man agreed to let them vote on their choice,
But before that, they announced the prize
money earned in the first level, Based on
the calculation, the prize was 25,5 billion,
If they quit now, the prize will be distributed
evenly to the families of the eliminated people,
Lee was the first to start voting, His purpose
was to earn money, he will not give up on
this, so he chose to continue the game, The
next vote is basically a half-half, Some people
chose to face the debt outside, while others
wanted to have their back against the wall,
There was only an old man left, the vote was
100 to 100, The old man hesitated for a moment,
Finally, he chose to continue the game, The
voting result was 100 to 101, They needed
to play the game which was crueler,
201 people were sent to a place to participate
in another death game, they choose a graphic
first, There were circles, triangles, stars,
umbrellas, After choosing a figure, each person
was given a box, which contained a piece of
toffee and a pin, it was the game of toffee,
If the graphics broke, they would be eliminated,
They must take out the full graphics in ten
minutes, Lee, chose the most complicated shape
— an umbrella sadly, The game began, Everyone
was lying on the ground, carefully carving
graphics, They were scared by every movement
they made, Also, there were a lot of red men
patrolling around with guns, Once finding
that someone broke the graphic, the red men
would shoot them, no matter how they beg for
mercy, In the panic, a woman accidentally
broke it, With no surprise, she was also eliminated,
Afterward, more and more people were eliminated,
A woman had a lighter which came from nowhere,
The heated pin did help, With a gunshot, a
man who had chosen the triangle was the first
to remove the graphic fully, Another person
succeeded, It seems that the triangle was
the easiest to complete, A black man also
took out the circle carefully, Those who chose
the triangle and the circle passed the game
one by one, At this point, LEE was sweating,
wetting the needle with saliva, There were
only three minutes left in the game, Lee sweated
a lot, Suddenly, he seems to find something,
He took the toffee towards the sun, finding
that it melted slowly, then starting to lick
the toffee, After a while, the umbrella-shaped
seam became more obvious, Some of those who
chose the pentagram completed the game as
well, Those who didn’t know what to do started
to follow Lee to lick the toffee, There was
one minute left, The rest of the people looked
like dogs, who kept licking, The situation
made the red men confused, Now it’s the
time to witness miracles,
A complete umbrella was taken out, Time's
up and the game ended, Those who didn't finish
would all be killed, A man can’t accept
the result hijacked a red man, he was just
a young child, The man could not bear to kill
the child but decided to kill himself, However,
once the red man reveals his identity, he
will not survive either, The next thing was
The prize money they won in the second level
is 7,9 billion, With two levels of the game,
the total prize money is now 34,8 billion,
which means that 348 people died, The horror
thing was far more than just the game, For
those who died in a fight inside, that will
also increase the prize for them, To stay
alive there, they have to form their own squad,
On the 100-meter high platform, the losing
side of the tug-of-war would be hung in the
air and then be cut off from the rope before
falling into mush, Ten people formed a group,
They can choose their teammates, Then, The
first game is group seven versus group two,
The chains on their hands back locked tightly
on the rope, With a gunshot, the game began,
The two sides desperately pull back, team
one was formed by ten strong men while there
were two girls in team seven, Obviously, there
was a power difference, People in team seven
fell on the ground and then were hung in the
air, Those ten people all fell into the mush,
the second match, Lee's team four versus team
five, The situation can’t get worse this
time, Lee's team had an old men, and also
three girls, in contrast, group five had ten
strong men, Were they doomed to lose?
the old man said that tug of war does not
rely only on strength, He let some people
stand at the left, the rest at the right side,
Then, clamp the rope under the armpits, The
most critical part is to lean back the body
after the game start, Make the lower abdomen
towards the sky and head tilted back, Use
all the strength to pull the rope, but don’t
move the feet, waiting for the other side
to confuse themselves and reveal a breach,
Both teams were formed temporarily, Although
they were much weaker, they were more united,
They shouted a slogan immediately after the
first 10 seconds when the other team was tired,
1,2,1,2, pull, The other team could not resist
and was pulled to the edge a few times,
However, The strong team immediately stabilized,
team four was right away pulled back, Seeing
they were about to lose, one man shouted “Let’s
run three steps forward” Wasn’t that insane?
He hissed and explained that this can make
the other team fall, they move forward together,
Lee was hung in the air, The other team really
all fell down, Lee team took the only chance,
they pull the rope hard, Just in a few seconds,
they hung up all of their opponents all the
way, They felt like just came back from the
hell, After some rounds over, only 40 people
left, the prize reached 41,6 billion, As long
as the rules inside are violated, regardless
of who you are, you will be hung up like salami,
half of the people had been eliminated, In
the coming level, they will be in a group
of two people, what would be the next?
Alright, that is the video today, there will
be the second episode tomorrow, if you like
FILM TIME, a movie recap channel, please come
back and subscribe, I will see you next time.